DOCS-5932 add working examples to JS Organization reference (#822)
clerk/clerk-docs: docs/references/javascript/organization/organization.mdx

const clerk = new Clerk('{{pub_key}}');
await clerk.load();

if (clerk.user) {
  // Get the current organization
  const currentOrganization = clerk.organization;

  // Update the organization's name
  currentOrganization.update({ name: "New Name" })
    .then((res) => console.log(res))
    .catch((error) => console.log("An error occurred:", error.errors));
} else {
  document.getElementById("app").innerHTML = `
    <div id="sign-in"></div>
  `;

  const signInDiv = document.getElementById("sign-in");

  clerk.mountSignIn(signInDiv);
}
```

```html filename="index.html"
  <div id="app"></div>

  <!-- Initialize Clerk with your
  Clerk publishable key and Frontend API URL -->
  <script
    async
    crossorigin="anonymous"
    data-clerk-publishable-key='{{pub_key}}'
    src="https://[your-domain].clerk.accounts.dev/npm/@clerk/clerk-js@latest/dist/clerk.browser.js"
    type="text/javascript"
  ></script>

  <script>
    window.addEventListener("load", async function () {
      await Clerk.load();
      if (Clerk.user) {
        // Get the current organization
        const currentOrganization = Clerk.organization;

        // Update the organization's name

>         currentOrganization.update({ name: "New Name" })

Reviewer: Don't forget to add code checking if Clerk.organization exists to these examples as well 👍

  const signInDiv = document.getElementById("sign-in");

  clerk.mountSignIn(signInDiv);
}
```

```html filename="index.html"
  <div id="app"></div>

  <!-- Initialize Clerk with your
  Clerk publishable key and Frontend API URL -->
  <script
    async
    crossorigin="anonymous"
    data-clerk-publishable-key='{{pub_key}}'
    src="https://[your-domain].clerk.accounts.dev/npm/@clerk/clerk-js@latest/dist/clerk.browser.js"
    type="text/javascript"
  ></script>

  <script>
    window.addEventListener("load", async function () {
      await Clerk.load();
      if (Clerk.user) {
        // Get the current organization
        const currentOrganization = Clerk.organization;

        // Gets a list of roles in the organization
        currentOrganization.getRoles()
          .then((res) => console.log(res))
          .catch((error) => console.log("An error occurred:", error.errors));
      } else {
        document.getElementById("app").innerHTML = `
          <div id="sign-in"></div>
        `;

        const signInDiv = document.getElementById("sign-in");

        Clerk.mountSignIn(signInDiv);
      }
    });
  </script>
```
</CodeBlockTabs>

</InjectKeys>

## Additional methods

> In addition to the methods listed above, the `Organization` object also has the following methods:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition to the methods listed on this page, the `Organization` object also has the following methods:
```

### Invitations

> - [`getPendingInvitations()` (deprecated)](/docs/references/javascript/organization/invitations#get-pending-invitations)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [`getPendingInvitations()` (deprecated)](/docs/references/javascript/organization/invitations#get-pending-invitations-deprecated)
```
